## DSB-SC Signal

- DSB-SC stands for Double Sideband Suppressed Carrier.
- It is a type of amplitude modulation (AM) used for transmitting information.
- In DSB-SC, the carrier single is suppressed and only the two sidebands (upper
  and lower) are transmitted.

## Diodes

A diode is a type of electronic device that allows current to flow through it in
only one direction. It consists of a semiconductor material with two electrodes
called the anode and the cathode. The anode is the positive electrode and the
cathode is the negative electrode.

## Sidebands

Sidebands are additional frequency components that are produced when a
modulating signal is applied to a carrier signal. In amplitude modulation (AM),
for example, the modulating signal modulates the amplitude of the carrier
signal, which results in the generation of two sidebands (upper and lower)
around the carrier frequency.

## Modulating Signal

A modulating signal is a signal that is used to carry information by modulating
another signal called the carrier signal. Modulation is the process of encoding
the information onto the carrier signal in a way that can be transmitted and
received.

There are several types of modulation, including:

### Amplitude modulation (AM)

The modulating signal modulates the amplitude of the carrier signal.

### Frequency modulation (FM)

The modulating signal modulates the frequency of the carrier signal.

### Phase modulation (PM) In FM, the modulating

The modulating signal modulates the phase of the carrier signal.

## Amplitude

Amplitude is a measure of the strength or intensity of a signal or wave. It is
typically represented by the height of the waveform or by the peak-to-peak value
of the waveform. In other words, it is a measure of the maximum deviation of the
waveform from the baseline.

## Phase

Phase is a measure of the position of a point in time (instant) on a waveform
cycle. It is typically measured in degrees or radians, and it is used to
describe the timing of a waveform relative to a reference point.

### 90 Degree Phase Shift

Phase shifts are often used in electronic circuits to shift the timing of a
waveform or to adjust the relative phase between two or more waveforms. They can
be introduced into a waveform by using electronic components such as phase
shifters, delay lines, or filters.

## m(t)

A message signal, or m(t), is a type of electrical or electronic signal that
carries information. It can be an analog signal, such as an audio or video
signal, or a digital signal, such as a binary signal.
